University of Florida Dorms Ranked
At RateMyDorm, we've collected 103 student reviews for University of Florida dorms. Based on our reviews, we've ranked the best dorms on campus. View all reviews

#10
Yulee Hall
based on 2 reviews

I stayed in Yulee my freshman year. It has a great location super close to classes, dining hall, and my favorite library. Although the AC was a window unit, it worked really well and the room was never hot or humid! The rooms do have tile so I recommend getting a rug so that your feet can stay warm. Even though there isn’t a regular Eve later, there is a service elevator that you are allowed to use with an RA to help you move in and out which is super helpful. I had a good experience with the communal bathrooms as they were cleaned everyday and about 90% of the time I was in there by myself anyways. Overall a decent dorm for freshman and for those who want to be able to just wake up 10 minutes before class and roll out of bed. - 5 years ago

We collected 2 dorm reviews for Yulee Hall

Browse all 2 dorm reviews
#9
Buckman Hall
based on 5 reviews

I lived in Buckman D my freshman year and the only thing I really miss is the location. I could be in class in 5 minutes, and Midtown in 2 min. Also the Murphree Area is beautiful because the buildings were some of the first on campus. That being said, these buildings are OLD. All of the rooms in Buckman are different sizes and I unfortunately had the smallest one, while my best friend had a room double the size of mine. There is a sink in every room which is nice, so trips to the communal bathroom are less frequent. Because the number of people on the halls are much smaller than other dorms (only 8 rooms per floor), I never had to wait to use the bathroom or shower. The bathrooms were cleaned daily. The main downside of Buckman was that it wasn’t a very social dorm for whatever reason. Also doing laundry was a huge struggle because the machines were in the common area, so when it was raining it was extremely hard. There is also no elevator, and living on the third floor was a workout. - 5 years ago

We collected 5 dorm reviews for Buckman Hall

Browse all 5 dorm reviews
#8
Murphree Hall
based on 5 reviews

I lived in a two-room double, which is exactly what it sounds like. We had 2 rooms between my roommate and I....BUT one us had the “back” room and one of us had the “front” room. If you were in the back room, you could only get out of the room by walking through the front room. It was still better than sharing a room between 2 people. The building inside is a bit outdated and the AC can be a bit loud at times. Also, the laundry room was literally a building away so I had to take my laundry three flights down the stairs (no elevators) and then walk across the street and over into another building just to do my laundry :/ But overall I would live there again because the location was amazing (right next to midtown and gyms and libraries) and the building was pretty. - 5 years ago

We collected 5 dorm reviews for Murphree Hall

Browse all 5 dorm reviews
#7
Springs Complex
based on 3 reviews

This is THE dorm to be in, especially as a freshman. The rooms are much bigger than the average UF dorm, you get a nice spacious closet, there's an elevator, and you only share the bathroom with 3 people instead of the whole floor. The halls themselves are pretty clean, the custodial staff comes once a week to clean bathrooms, and the kitchens were cleaned everyday. The distance from the center of campus isn't a large issue because there are plenty of busses that run from Springs to the Hub. The only con is the loud slamming of the heavy metal doors, so I suggest investing in some earplugs. Overall, I definitely recommend living in Springs if you get the chance! - 5 years ago

We collected 3 dorm reviews for Springs Complex

Browse all 3 dorm reviews
#6
Infinity Hall
based on 5 reviews

Infinity Hall was my first time living in a suite-style dorm, and I loved it. It is one of the newer dorms at UF, so it's fairly clean and innovative, and there's rooms on the first floor in which you can study, build things, print, etc. There are 2 elevators per floor, and it's very nice having that luxury! The drywall in the rooms makes it nicer to hang decorations, as opposed to the popcorn walls or hard walls in the traditional dorms. The only negative aspects of Infinity are distance, price, and kitchen space. Infinity Hall is down the street from campus, so it will be quite a walk getting to class everyday. The dorm is also very expensive, and you could live off-campus for cheaper and with more benefits. Lastly, there's no proper kitchen; although the common area is great and cozy, you only get a hotplate, microwave, and toaster oven instead of a stove. These appliances are usually dirty because residents do not take care of them (I suggest buying your own hotplate). I enjoyed living in a Single Suite, but I think if I had to live in a Double I would not enjoy my experience as much (way less room for 2 people in the same space). - 5 years ago

We collected 5 dorm reviews for Infinity Hall

Browse all 5 dorm reviews
#5
Lakeside Complex
based on 3 reviews

I have lived in lakeside for 3 years. The rooms are apartment style, meaning each apartment has four private bedrooms and two bathrooms, as well as a kitchen and common area. Four people live in each apartment and each have their own bedroom. The bedrooms are pretty small, but it is nice to have your own space, and awesome to share a bathroom with just one other person. The kitchen has a full sized fridge, microwave, stove, oven, sink, and garbage disposal. There are bar seats. There is a common room with a couch. Lakeside is really close to the largest gym on campus, but further from most classes than other dorms. However, there are two bus stops at lakeside, with buses running to the heart of campus about every 5-15 minutes (the bus ride is like 7 minutes long and not bad at all). There are many parking spots, but they do get full. However, if full, people can park at the gym which is about a 5 minute walk away. Lakeside is close to Archer road, Lake Alice, the intramural sports fields, and Southwest Recreation Center. Important note- laundry facilities are in a separate building in the center of the complex so you do have to leave your building to do laundry, but this has never been a problem for me. - 5 years ago

We collected 3 dorm reviews for Lakeside Complex

Browse all 3 dorm reviews
#4
Broward Hall
based on 6 reviews

The Broward area is by far the best location to live as a freshman if you want to be central to campus and have easy access to dining halls, libraries, and classes. It is definitely a social dorm that is the stereotypical "freshman dorm" at UF. Important note: bring sweatpants/sweatshirt/anything warm because it stays freezing in the rooms, but you don't want to turn the A/C down because it will get moldy/humid like most dorms will. Overall, I had a great experience at Broward, and I would highly recommend it for incoming freshman to UF. - 5 years ago

We collected 6 dorm reviews for Broward Hall

Browse all 6 dorm reviews
#3
Fletcher Hall
based on 1 review

Fletcher Hall at UF
My experience at Fletcher Hall was great! you can't bit the location, literally in the middle of campus, just steps from the Swamp. The building is so beautiful, the architecture is outstanding. The three room triple rooms are of a very nice size! They come with an XL twin bed, you can raise the bed frame and use the bottom as storage or place the dresser, a mini fridge or a futon under it. You have space in the middle to place a rug and a little chair. The room comes with a dresser, a desk, chair and a closet with doors. My room had a big window with so much natural light. Our three room triple had a common area where we place the tv, a futon and two chairs and a baker's rack. The three of us shared a bathroom. The toilet was separated from the shower.
Cons, no elevator, no kitchen in our floor, not enough space in our common area to have more than a couple of friends over and the laundry facilities are across the building in the commons. To cook we had to get out of our building and go into the side, to another entrance and upstairs to the closes community kitchen. - 4 years ago

We collected 1 dorm reviews for Fletcher Hall

Browse all 1 dorm review
#2
Weaver Hall
based on 3 reviews

It's the international dorm so you get to meet people from around the world. It has wood floors and the hallways are wider than other dorms. The lighting is a warm yellow rather than harsh white. The kitchen and common room are quite big. There is also a study room on the first floor, a game room in the basement that has a HDMI projector, and a laundry room. There is weaver beach, which is basically a lawn that you can picnic on. The famous Mudfest is on that lawn. The dorm is in a really good location too. There is a swimming pool and a Chomp It (on-campus convenience store) just down the hill. It is also next to O'Connell Center and super close to the stadium. The main campus is just down stadium road. It will probably take you 10-15 min to walk to the main campus/HUB area. If you don't want to walk, (I'm not judging) there are 3 bus stops super close by. The gym (Student Rec) is about halfway down stadium road, so it's pretty close to this dorm as well. It's also right next to the gator dining building (2 min away). There is a parking lot for faculty and guests in front of the building, and student parking about 5 min walk away. There is also a whole clan of cats that lives in the woods next to the lawn. There is a super friendly cat dubbed Tenders, that you can pet and give treats to. :) This dorm also has an elevator that you can use daily. Usually, most other dorms use the elevator only for moving in/out. The mailroom is super close too (2 min away). - 5 years ago

We collected 3 dorm reviews for Weaver Hall

Browse all 3 dorm reviews
#1
Cypress Hall
based on 3 reviews

I lived in a single last year and I loved it. When you're in a single you have a massive amount of space for yourself and I only had to share the bathroom with another single next to me so it was 2 people to the bathroom. My floor was really close and so we had a ton of fun doing stuff together, and Cypress itself had a lot of events downstairs that we went to too. Laundry is on the floor you live on so you don't have to deal with the hassle of carrying your clothes up and downstairs. The kitchen is big enough to fit more than enough people, and in my experience, it was only crowded late at night when everyone got together to play games or watch a movie. I got lucky with my floor because everyone was very social, but it depends on the type of people you have on your floor.

Perks specific to Cypress: AN ELEVATOR THANK GOD, your mail packages are literally downstairs (as they are for the entire area so people from the other dorms have to walk to cypress). LAUNDRY ON YOUR FLOOOORRR <3 and it's super modern and clean! - 5 years ago