Dorm Reviews for UF 2024 (Or Anyone Else)
In my time at UF, I've lived in two dorms and been to quite a few. So I decided to make this post with reviews of every dorm I've been in or have heard about. This will probably be pretty long but you can just control-f to a specific dorm.

This is just my opinion about the dorm. I have my personal experiences with dorm life in general, but I'll try to keep that out. No two floors of people will be the same year-to-year, so keep that in mind.

Traditional Dorms:

I personally don't recommend these, but I like my privacy and for my bathroom to be clean. In a traditional dorm, that's out of your control.

Broward Hall: You'll stay here for preview. It's an updated dorm. It's known for being the most social dorm and pretty crazy, but it's a good location for most things and the common area is newer.

Rawlings Hall: Broward's less-nice sibling. People have plenty of horror stories about Rawlings and its scheduled to get torn down in a few years. I would avoid this one.

Jennings Hall: My dad lived here his freshman fall and spring. In the time since, it appears to have been updated with new floors and furniture. It's a pretty social dorm, but the location is slightly worse than Broward.

Yulee: This hall is connected to the next two on this list and right by Broward. I have never been in here but it looks like a standard dorm.

Reid Hall: See what I said above for Yulee.

Mallory Hall: This hall was made into an all-women's dorm again this year and I expect it to stay that way. Other than that, it's a standard old-school traditional dorm.

Murphree Area: There are five dorms in this area, but I haven't really been in any of them so I'll lump them together. These dorms are some of the oldest (and prettiest) buildings on campus, have small groups of rooms that share bathrooms, and no two rooms are the same. They also happen to be right across the street from Midtown.

Tolbert Hall: This is the ROTC LLC and a pretty standard traditional dorm. It's older but does have an elevator. The laundry room for the Tolbert area is also located in here. The location of this hall and the next seven dorms isn't bad but it's pretty far from Publix/Target and the east side of campus.

North Hall: I've never been in here but it looks like another standard dorm.

Riker Hall: This was the first hall I lived in. It has the great trait of being named after a prison and feeling like a mental institution. The rooms, furniture, and hall in general are pretty run-down. The stalls are also really small for whatever reason. I cannot recommend this hall less.

East Hall: Another standard Tolbert area dorm. This dorm is one of the closest to Gator Corner, but is old and IIRC not that updated.

Weaver Hall: This hall is the international dorm, which means it's by far the nicest hall in the Tolbert area. It's updated, pretty modern, and everything looks substantially nicer compared to the other dorms. If you must live in a traditional dorm, this isn't a bad one.

Graham Hall: I haven't been in this hall. It's by East and Weaver but in a different "area" along with the next two dorms. The location problems still apply, but this is closer to the Hume garage and Chomp-It.

Simpson Hall: This is another updated traditional dorm. What I said for Weaver applies here.

Trusler Hall: This is Rawlings to Simpson's Broward. Older and not as nice.

Suite-Style Dorms:

While the quality of these dorms varies wildly, I recommend these over a traditional dorm because you only share a bathroom with 1-3 other people compared to the entire floor. They tend to be newer and the rowdy people are less noticeable.

Beaty Towers: My dad stayed in this dorm during his freshman summer B. In the time since, it hasn't been updated at all. The rooms are small and old, but you get your own kitchen and the views can be nice. Just be aware that the elevators can break down and fire alarms are common. It's also the cheapest of the suite-style dorms for obvious reasons.

Cypress Hall: This hall is lumped into the Yulee area but is 60 years newer. The rooms are modern, the beds are full-size, and the hall in general is a nice place to be. This dorm can be difficult to get into, especially since they reserve spots for people with disabilities, but if you get in thank your lucky stars.

Hume Hall: This is the honors dorm, but you don't have to be in honors to live here. It's a little dated and the rooms are kind of small, but it's not too bad. Hume is also close to the Hume garage, which is good because you'll want a car to run errands, and kind of far from the East side of campus.

Springs Complex: This dorm is right by frat row, meaning it's far away from almost everything. However, the rooms are large and have massive closets. The bathrooms are also spacious but have pink tile for whatever reason. Not bad, just a slightly inconvenient location.

Infinity Hall: I currently live in this hall. The hall is new, the rooms and furniture are nice, and the location is actually pretty good for getting to Publix, downtown, and campus (Infinity is off-campus). And the floors are co-ed, as in Hume and the real world. You can also buy a neighborhood decal and park your car right outside the dorm on most days. However, Infinity is $3728 a semester, and for that money you could just live off-campus and get your own room. If I didn't swamp swap here I probably would have. It's also very hard to get into.

Private Bedroom Dorms:

Lakeside Complex: If springs is far from everything, Lakeside might as well be in another city. If you live here, you're taking the bus or riding a scooter to class, and walking to anywhere but Southwest Rec will take forever. However, the dorm is newer, you get a full kitchen, and the bedrooms are private. So I guess there's that.

Keys Complex: This is right next to the Tolbert area and is the athletics dorm. Getting in here is basically impossible, but if you can I would do it. You get a private bedroom with a full-size bed, a living room and kitchen, and a nice place to live.

Unaffiliated Dorms:

UF doesn't run these dorms, but they're pretty popular amongst some freshmen and worth a mention. They're both East of sorority row.

Ivy House: This is exclusive traditional-style housing for girls, but in a much nicer building. By virtue of its location, this also seems to be a place where a lot of sorority-sisters-to-be live. Other than that, I don't know much about it, but I'm sure for the price there are better values elsewhere.

Windsor Hall: This is a suite-style "luxury dorm." It offers co-ed and women-only areas, a pool, and kitchenettes in each room. According to people I know who live here, it's nice but not worth the price, and the location is pretty far from most things. I looked it up and saw that they want $960 a month for a single. That is ABSURD. For that money, you could get a single apartment and be closer to campus. I don't even think it's that far off from places like The Standard, which have way more amenities and is right across from campus.

Well that was long. If I forgot anything, be sure to mention it in the comments!